Add ECS support (#129)
logstash-plugins/logstash-input-http_poller: docs/index.asciidoc

send them on their merry way. The idea behind this plugins came from a need to read springboot
metrics endpoint, instead of configuring jmx to monitor my java application memory/gc/ etc.

> [id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ecs_metadata"]

Reviewer: @kaisecheng Please consider moving the ECS info below the example. The example relates to the general use and operation of the plugin, and the current placement makes it looks like it's specific to ECS.

Here’s how ECS compatibility mode affects output.
[cols="<l,<l,e,<e"]
|=======================================================================
| ECS disabled | ECS v1 | Availability | Description

| [@metadata][request][url] | [url][full] | Always | The URL of the endpoint
| [@metadata][request][method] | [http][request][method] | Always | HTTP request method
| [@metadata][host] | [host][hostname]  | Always | Hostname
| [@metadata][code] | [http][response][status][code] | When server responds a valid status code | HTTP response code
| [@metadata][response_headers] | [@metadata][input][http_poller][response][headers] | When server responds with headers | HTTP headers of the response
| [@metadata][response_message] | [@metadata][input][http_poller][response][status][message] | When server responds with status line | message of status line of HTTP headers
| [@metadata][runtime_seconds] / [http_request_failure][runtime_seconds] | [@metadata][input][http_poller][response][time][second] | Always | response time of calling endpoint

> | [@metadata][times_retried] | [@metadata][input][http_poller][request][retried] | When the poller calls server successfully | retry count from manticore

Reviewer 2: > retry count from manticore

Manticore is an internal implementation detail, and adding it to our docs ties us to its implementation. It is better for us to be a little vague here.

```suggestion
| [@metadata][times_retried] | [@metadata][input][http_poller][request][retried] | When the poller calls server successfully | retry count from http client library
```

        "@version" => "1",
        "@timestamp" => 2021-01-01T00:43:22.388Z,
        "status" => "UP"
    },
    "@version" => "1",
    "@timestamp" => 2021-01-01T00:43:22.389Z,
}
-----

**Sample output: ECS enabled**
[source,text]
-----
{
    "http_poller_data" => {
        "status" => "UP",
        "@version" => "1",
        "event" => {
            "original" => "{\"status\":\"UP\"}"
        },
        "@timestamp" => 2021-01-01T00:40:59.558Z
    },
    "@version" => "1",
    "@timestamp" => 2021-01-01T00:40:59.559Z
}
-----

**Sample error output: ECS enabled**
[source,text]
----
{
    "@timestamp" => 2021-07-09T09:53:48.721Z,
    "@version" => "1",
    "host" => {
        "hostname" => "MacBook-Pro"
    },
    "http" => {
        "request" => {
            "method" => "get"
        }
    },
    "event" => {
        "duration" => 259019
    },
    "error" => {
        "stack_trace" => nil,
        "message" => "Connection refused (Connection refused)"
    },
    "url" => {
        "full" => "http://localhost:8080/actuator/health"
    },
    "tags" => [
        [0] "_http_request_failure"
    ]
}
----

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-follow_redirects"]
===== `follow_redirects` 

> 

Reviewer 3: TODO: we want to revisit the `target` option of context of https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-mixin-ecs_compatibility_support/pull/8

pbly document that it's favorable to set the target on the codec (e.g. with JSON payloads) and that the plugin's `target` is only be used as a last resort when the codec does not provide one ...

Define the target field for placing the received data. If this setting is omitted, the data will be stored at the root (top level) of the event.

> When ECS is enabled, it is preferable to set `target` in codec, `codec => json { target => "TARGET_FIELD_NAME" }`,

Reviewer: Please try this instead:  

TIP: When ECS is enabled, set `target` in the codec (if the codec has a `target` option). 
Example: `codec => json { target => "TARGET_FIELD_NAME" }`

> if `target` option is available in codec

Author: @karenzone This is a new line to recommend user set `codec.target` instead of `target` when available
